When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?
We should use a remote repository when we have multiple users or machines working on the same content. Also for backup it is necessary.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
We might be working on something and automatic updation might overwrite our changes.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?
Forks are used to make a copy of a project in our own git repository so that the original project is not disturbed by our changes.
Clones are used to make a copy of a repository in our local system.
Branches are used simply for naming or pointing to a commit in a particular point of time so that we can refer to it easily.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?
Having the last known copy of reote stored locally helps us keep the changes in the remote without merging our current work with it. This helps us in comparing our work and with the latest code also we can implement the remote changes locally later offline.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?
To collaborate without Git or GitHub we will need to manually share the files we have changed between different contributors also we will need to use seperate third party comaprison tools and compare the files which two people have changed simultaneously.
Yes, it would be quite harder.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?
We would want to create a seperate branch rather than working directly in master when we are working on some experimental feature and do not want to corrupt the original project. Also we can switch between different branches working on different features easily without disturbing the original project.
Advantages of branching:
1. We can work on our own changes without fear of corrupting the original project.
2. We can easily check the differences between the branch and master.
3. We can easily switch to the master or another branch when some task comes in those.
Advantages of working in master:
1. We can directly push the changes without fear of merge conflicts.
2. We dont need to merge our branch periodically to get changes. Just doing git pull is enough.

